♪ ♪
>> Sean: WE CONTINUE SOUTHERN
COMMAND, RUSH LIMBAUGH
HEADQUARTERS, THIS IS IT.
THIS IS WHERE YOU DO YOUR SHOW.
EVERY DAY.
>> Rush: THERE IS AN ORDINANCE
IN PALM BEACH, YOU CANNOT WORK
FROM YOUR HOME -- WHICH IS FINE,
IT IS THE CASE, SO WE BUILD TO
THIS, AND IT IS LIKE A LIVING
ROOM HOME OFFICE.
CAN I DO ONE THING PERSONAL?
EVERY TIME I AM ON YOUR SHOW,
PEOPLE ASK ME WHAT THIS IS.
I GET EMAILS, WHAT IS THIS?
IT IS A DIRECT ALIGNED TO THE
WEST WING IS WHAT IT IS.
[LAUGHTER]
NO, THESE ARE COCHLEAR IMPLANTS.
I AM 100% DEATH, AND I CAN ONLY
HEAR BY IRONICALLY WITH EASE.
A QUICK -- THE HUMAN EAR HAS
35,000 HAIR CELLS EACH, THEY
DETERMINE THE SENSITIVITY OF THE
HUMAN EAR.
I DON'T HAVE IT PAIRED MINOR
DAD, THEY LAY DOWN AND DIED.
AUTOIMMUNE.
SO I HAVE EIGHT MAN-MADE,
BIOLOGICAL ELECTRODES -- BIONIC
ELECTRODES, THAT TRIED TO DO
WITH 35,000 HAIRSTYLES DO.
AND IT IS A MIRACULOUS THING.
IF THIS HAD HAPPENED -- IF I
LOST MY HEARING 15 YEARS BEFORE
I DID IT, THE END OF MY CAREER,
THE TECH HAD NOT BEEN INVENTED.
IT IS REALLY FORTUNATE, AND I
LOOK AT IT AS SOMETHING TO BE
EXTERNALLY GRATEFUL.
>> Sean: I REMEMBER IN THE
INTERIM TIME -- NOT TO GET TOO
DISTRACTED, WE HAVE A LOT TO
TALK ABOUT.
I DO RADIO, AS YOU DO.
I DO NOT KNOW HOW IT IS POSSIBL
POSSIBLE.
MOST PEOPLE IN RADIO, DJs,
TALK SHOWS, I AM CRANKING THAT
THING UP.
DRAMATIC HEARING LOSS AFTER 30
YEARS.
>> Rush: I DID THREE MONTHS
TOTALLY DAFT, I COULDN'T GET
SURGERY DONE BECAUSE I HAD AN
INFECTION.
SO YOU RELY ON HOW YOUR VOICE
FEELS.
AND YOU HAVE TO CONSCIOUSLY TELL
YOURSELF, DON'T -- WHEN YOU
CAN'T HEAR, YOU SPEAK UP.
AS YOU HAVE TO TELL YOURSELF --
I ASKED OF THEM, ASK THE
DOCTORS, IF I DON'T DO THIS, CAN
I SPEAK NORMALLY FOR THE REST OF
MY LIFE?
THEY SAID NO.
IF YOU CAN'T HEAR YOURSELF
SPEAK, YOU WILL END UP SOUNDING
LIKE SOMEONE WHO HAS NOT HEARD
BEFORE, SO THAT YOU HAVE TO DO
THE IMPLANTS.
THEY WERE REALLY A CAREER SAVER.
>> Sean: THANK GOD YOU ARE
STILL HERE AND GOING STRONG.
IT WAS A BIG DEAL, FOR THOSE OF
US THAT FOLLOWED BEHIND YOU, IT
WAS A BIG DEAL.
YOU DID FORGE A PATH FOR ALL OF
US.
AND WE ALL OWE YOU A DEBT OF
GRATITUDE.
THAT IS WHY, REALLY, I WANTED TO
BE HERE.
EXPLAIN THE TRUMP PHENOMENON.
MAYBE WE HAVE A MORE UNIQUE
PERSPECTIVE BECAUSE WE BOTH KNEW
HIM WAY BEFORE HE EVER THOUGHT
ABOUT RUNNING.
>> Rush: RIGHT.
I DON'T THINK IT IS HARD TO
UNDERSTAND THE TRUMP PHENOMENON
AT ALL.
IF YOU ARE NOT POISON -- I USE
THAT AS AN EXAGGERATION -- IF
YOU ARE NOT AFFECTED BY INSIDE
THE BELTWAY OR WASHINGTON
ESTABLISHMENT THINKING,
UNDERSTANDING TRUMP IS EASY.
IT IS ELITE VERSUS REAL PEOPLE.
IT IS SOMEBODY THAT IS FEARLESS
AND WILLING TO FIGHT AGAINST THE
THINGS THAT NO REPUBLICAN HAS
BEEN WILLING TO FIGHT AGAINST OR
DEFEND.
HE HAS AN ENGAGING PERSONALITY.
HE DOESN'T OFFEND PEOPLE -- THE
LEFT THINKS HE DOES BECAUSE THEY
ACT IF I DID, BUT TRUMP JUST
MAKES PEOPLE LAUGH.
THEY CAN'T GET OVER THE FACT
THAT HE IS LIKABLE.
BECAUSE THEY HATE IT.
THEY DESPISE IT.
ARE WE ALLOWED TO MENTION
COMPETING CABLE NETWORKS?
BECAUSE YOU DOMINATE.
BRIAN STELTER ON CNN.
>> Sean: HUMPTY DUMPTY.
THAT IS WHAT I CALL HIM.
>> Rush: HE IS ACTUALLY BEEN
SOMEWHAT NICE TO ME, THERE ARE
EXCEPTIONS TO IT.
BUT COMPLAINING THAT THE
PRESIDENT IS TALKING TOO MUCH,
THE PRESIDENT IS IN THE MEDIA
TOO MUCH.
DEMAND ACCESS -- BECAUSE HE IS
POLLUTING THE AIR.
HE IS LYING, DISTORTING, NOT
GIVING US ENOUGH TIME TO CATCH
UP WITH HIM AND TO CORRECT HIM.
JUST KEEP GOING,
PRESIDENT TRUMP.
HE IS DOMINATING THESE PEOPLE.
HE IS FRUSTRATING THEM.
THEY HAVE LOST THEIR MONOPOLY.
THE ELIZABETH MOORE AND, THE
POCAHONTAS, PROVES THEY CANNOT
SHAPE PUBLIC OPINION ANYMORE VIA
NARRATIVE, AND THEY ARE
FRUSTRATED AS THEY CAN BE ABOUT
THAT.
>> Sean: HE DOESN'T NEED THAT.
>> Rush: KNOW.
PART OF WHAT IS GOING ON HERE, I
BELIEVE, ALL OF THIS -- I DO
CALL IT ABNORMALITY.
WE ARE UP AGAINST PSYCHOLOGICAL
DISORDER, ABNORMALITY, THAT IS
DISGUISED AS POLITICAL ISSUES.
>> Sean: WE TALK ABOUT THE
MEDIA -- IT HAS NEVER BEEN THIS
ABUSIVELY BIASED.
>> Rush: IT IS NOT EVEN
BIASED, WE ARE SO FAR BEYOND
BIASED.
THESE PEOPLE ARE PART OF THE
AGENDA.
I THINK THEY RUN IT.
I THINK THEY ARE THE PEOPLE THAT
ORCHESTRATED, RUN IT, EVEN GIVE
MARCHING ORDERS TO EACH OTHER.
THE POINT IS, TRUMP HAS THEM
BAMBOOZLED.
I THINK PART AND PARCEL OF WHAT
THEY ARE DOING IS TRYING TO
DEMONSTRATE TO THEMSELVES THEY
STILL HAVE THE POWER TO SHAPE
PUBLIC OPINION VIA NARRATIVE.
IT IS CAUSING ALL OF THESE
PEOPLE IN THE LEFT TO GET MORE
AND MORE AND MORE EXTREME.
I AM JUST RELYING ON THE FACT
THAT AVERAGE, ORDINARY
AMERICANS, LIKE YOU AND I ARE,
ARE IS REPULSED AS YOU AND I ARE
BY THIS BEHAVIOR THAT THEY ARE
ENGAGING IN, THE DEMANDS THEY
ARE MAKING ON DECENT,
GOD-FEARING, AMERICA-LOVING
PEOPLE.
WE ARE NOT THE PROBLEM.
AND YET WE ARE PORTRAYED AS THE
PROBLEM.
WHERE THE ENEMY TO THESE PEOPLE.
IT IS REALLY SCARY.
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN WE LOSE, GO
BACK AND LOOK -- IF WE LOSE
2016, IF THEY GET THE HOUSE, I'M
JUST GOING TO TELL YOU, WHATEVER
TRUMP WANTS TO DO IS GOING TO
STOP.
IT IS GOING TO BE PARALYZED.
IT IS GOING TO BE NOTHING BUT IN
EVERY HOUSE COMMITTEE THAT IS
RELEVANT, INSPECTIONS,
INVESTIGATIONS, SUBPOENAS.
THEY ARE GOING TO GO BACK AND
TRY TO GET KAVANAUGH THROWN OUT.
IT IS GOING TO BE NOTHING BUT
TWO YEARS TO GET EVEN WITH TRUMP
FOR HAVING THE AUDACITY TO WIN.
AND THE BUSINESS OF THE NATION
IS GOING TO BE BROUGHT TO A
SCREECHING HALT.
IN THE MEANTIME, THEY ARE GOING
TO TRY TO GET RID OF THE TAX
CUTS.
THEY'RE NOT GOING TO SUCCEED AT
ANY OF THIS BECAUSE THE SUN IT
IS GOING TO BE IN THE HANDS OF
MITCH McCONNELL, I ESPECIALLY
HIM COLONEL.
HE MOVES SO SLOW, BUT HE IS
SPEEDING UP.
>> Sean: HAD A GOOD RUN.
>> Rush: I STILL THINK
TRUMP -- THAT IS AND WHOM I HAVE
COME IN TERMS OF THE POLITICS OF
THIS, I STILL HAVE HIT IMPLICIT
TRUST.
I THINK TRUMP KNOWS WHAT HE IS
DOING.
>> Sean: WE HAVE PUT ALL OF
THE SUCCESS IN TWO YEARS.
OBAMA, ECONOMICALLY, THE FIRST
PRESIDENT THAT NEVER MET 3% OF
GDP GROWTH IN HISTORY.
>> Rush: THIS IS THE KEY.
AMERICA DOESN'T DESERVE THAT.
AMERICA IS SO OPPRESSIVE, SO
MEAN TO MINORITIES.
AMERICA DOESN'T DESERVE SUPER
POWER STATUS.
THIS IS WHY I WANTED OBAMA TO
FAIL.
IN HIS VIEW, IN THE AMERICAN
LEFT'S VIEW, AMERICA IS THE
PROBLEM IN THE WORLD.
AMERICA DOESN'T DESERVE --
>> Sean: APOLOGIES.
13 MILLION FOOD STAMPS, AND
POVERTY.
>> Rush: MORE PEOPLE VOTING
DEMOCRAT, MORE DEPENDING ON
GOVERNMENT CARE THEY WANT THAT,
SEAN.
>> Sean: WE HAVE 14 STATES,
RECORD LOW UNEMPLOYMENT.
LOWEST UNEMPLOYMENT SENSE '69,
1 MILLION MORE DON'T KNOW MY
JOBS THAN PEOPLE ON UNEMPLOYMENT
PAIRED LOOK AT WHO IS
BENEFITING.
AFRICAN-AMERICAN ON EMPLOYMENT,
LOWEST EVER.
HISPANIC ON APPOINTMENT, ASIAN
UNEMPLOYMENT, WOMEN IN THE
WORKPLACE UNEMPLOYMENT PAIRED
ALL OF THE SUCCESS, YOU ARE
SAYING, STOPS IF THEY GET THE
HOUSE.
>> Rush: LET ME ASK YOU A
CIVIL QUESTION.
WHY?
YOU HEARD HIM GO THROUGH THESE
STATISTICS.
THE FACTS OF THE ECONOMIC
ADVANCEMENT.
WE HAVE MORE JOBS THAN THERE ARE
JOB OPENINGS.
A MILLION MORE JOBS THAN THERE
ARE OPENINGS.
THAT HASN'T HAPPENED SINCE 2017.
WHO WAS PRESENT THEN?
IT WASN'T OBAMA.
THE THINGS YOU JUST HEARD,  SEAN
GO THROUGH, THE DEMOCRATS ARE
ANGRY AT ALL OF IT.
WHY ARE THEY HAPPY?
FOLKS, WE ARE IN A ROARING
ECONOMY.
MORE PEOPLE THAN EVER CAN GET
THE JOB THEY WANT TO, THEY ARE
GETTING READY AND SAYS.
WE HAVE PEOPLE FREE TO START
THEIR OWN BUSINESSES.
EVERY OTHER ASPECT OF LIFE IN
AMERICA IS ON THE UPSWING, AND A
POLITICAL PARTY AND ITS VOTERS
ARE MAD ABOUT IT.
WHY?
WHY COULDN'T YOU BE HAPPY?
THE ANSWER IS VERY SIMPLE.
IF IT HAPPENS AS A RESULT OF
INDIVIDUAL APTITUDE AND
APPLICATION AND SET OF
GOVERNMENT MAKING IT HAPPEN,
THEY ARE GOING TO OPPOSE IT.
THIS THE GREATEST THREAT,
ECONOMIC ACTIVITY, ECONOMIC
GROWTH, SELF-SUFFICIENCY,
SELF-RELIANCE, PEOPLE LEARNING
THAT THE OLD RULES OF WORKING
HARD AND APPLYING YOURSELF PAY
OFF, BIGGEST THREAT TO THE
AMERICAN LEFT IN THE DEMOCRAT
PARTY THAT THERE COULD BE.
LET ME ASK YOU THIS.
WHY ARE THEY HAPPY ABOUT THIS?
EVERYBODY OUGHT TO BE --
>> Sean: BECAUSE THEY LOSE
THEIR POWER.
>> Rush: OF COURSE.
IT ANSWERS ITSELF.
>> Sean: YOU HAVE BEEN A
LEADER IN THE CONSERVATIVE
MOVEMENT IN AMERICA --
>> Rush: I DON'T KNOW.
>> Sean: NUMBER ONE --
AUDIENCE SUSTAINED AND BIGGER.
>> Rush: THE CONSERVATIVE
MOVEMENT IS LED BY
NEVER-TRUMPER.
>> Sean: IF THEY HAD THEIR
WAY, WHERE WOULD WE BE?
>> Rush: NOT HERE.
HILLARY WOULD BE PRESIDENT IF
THEY HAD THEIR WAY.
>> Sean: IF YOU BELIEVE
GOLDWATER WAS A WAY OF, IF YOU
BELIEVE REAGAN WAS A WAVE --
MEANING THE ADVANCEMENT OF
CONSERVATIVISM.
WHERE DOES DONALD TRUMP -- I
LOOK AT HIS POLICIES.
I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A
CONSERVATIVE.
NEVER CHANGE MY VIEWS.
I SAY IT DIFFERENTLY, NEW
CIRCUMSTANCES, BUT MY
FUNDAMENTAL, CORE BELIEFS HAVE
NEVER CHANGED.
NOR HAVE YOURS.
ALL OF THESE PEOPLE HAVE SAID HE
IS NOT A CONSERVATIVE.
WHERE?
BESIDES TRADE, AND I DON'T EVEN
THINK TRADE -- SHE NEVER PLANNED
A TRADE WAR.
>> Rush: HE IS IMPLEMENTING.
I KNOW THESE PEOPLE, I GOT TO
KNOW THEM IN 30 YEARS.
>> Sean: BUCKLEY LOVES YOU.
>> Rush: I WILL TELL YOU A
STORY ABOUT HIM IN A MINUTE.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE TO ASK ME
WHERE HE WOULD BE ON TRUMP.
THE ANSWER TO THAT IS PRETTY
SIMPLE.
BUT THEY DON'T LIKE US TRUMP --
HE IS IMPLEMENTING ISSUES THAT
THESE PEOPLE HAVE DEVOTED LIVES
TO BEING PASSED, AND THEY ARE
VOTING AWAY FROM IT.
NEVER MUST HAVE BEEN ABOUT THE
ISSUES.
IT MUST BE ABOUT THE PROPER
MANNERS AND MAKING SURE WE DON'T
OFFEND OUR LIBERAL FRIENDS IN
WASHINGTON AND ALL OF THAT.
TRUMP DOES ALL OF THAT.
I CAN'T ABIDE THIS, THIS IS SO
OFFENSIVE TO ME, I CAN'T DO
THIS.
MEANWHILE, EVERYTHING THAT IS
HAPPENING IS MAKING AMERICA
GREAT, EXACTLY AS CONSERVATIVES
SAID IT WOULD, AND THEY DON'T
WANT TO BE ON THE BUS.
>> Sean: I SAY THIS TO PEOPLE
AND -- HE GOVERNS AS STRONG A
CONSERVATIVE AS WE HAVE SEEN IN
OUR LIFETIME.
>> Rush: HE DOES.
I DON'T THINK THE DIVIDE IN
AMERICA IS LEFT AND RIGHT SO
MUCH.
>> Sean: CONSERVATIVE
PRINCIPLES.
>> Rush: CONSERVATIVE
PRINCIPLES --
>> Sean: TAX CUTS, JUDGES,
BORDER SECURITY.
>> Rush: IT IS THE TRADITIONS
OF THE FOUNDING, ARE WE GOING TO
GO MARXIST LEFTIST?
THIS IS WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
WE DON'T HAVE IN COMMON WITH
THEM, SEAN.
I STILL HEAR THESE PEOPLE SAY WE
NEED TO CROSS THE AISLE TO
COOPERATE -- WHAT DO WE HAVE IN
COMMON?
NAME SOMETHING WE HAVE IN COMMON
WITH ANY OF THE PEOPLE ACTING TO
DESTROY KAVANAUGH?
WHERE IS THE MIDDLE GROUND TO
COMPROMISE WITH THEM ON
KAVANAUGH.
THEY DIDN'T EVEN WANT TO DENY
HIM -- ALLOW HIM TO PROCESS.
>> Sean: ZERO.
ENDO- CORROBORATION.
>> Rush: THEY WANT TO DESTROY
HIS LIFE.
AND HIS FAMILY, HIS CAREER, HIS
FUTURE, AND THEY TELL US, THEY
ARE THE PARTY OF COMPASSION.
>> Sean: WE HAVE SEEN BEFORE,
WE HAVE SAID IT BEFORE, CLARENCE
THOMAS.
>> Rush: YOU SEE IT EVERY DAY.
HE WANTED EVERY ELECTION.
>> Rush: DONALD TRUMP -- I'M
SURE YOU HAVE TAKEN YOUR HITS.
ANYBODY THAT THEY DETERMINE IS
AN EFFECTIVE MESSENGER OF
ANYTHING THEY DISAGREE WITH,